!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
Boxes1	completedExercises/Boxes1.java	/^public class Boxes1$/;"	c
Difference	completedExercises/Difference.java	/^public class Difference$/;"	c
DrawBoxes2	completedExercises/DrawBoxes2.java	/^public class DrawBoxes2$/;"	c
Egg	completedExercises/Egg.java	/^public class Egg $/;"	c
Egg2	completedExercises/Egg2.java	/^public class Egg2$/;"	c
EggStop	completedExercises/EggStop.java	/^public class EggStop$/;"	c
FightSong	completedExercises/FightSong.java	/^public class FightSong  \/\/ App name$/;"	c
Hello	completedExercises/Hello.java	/^public class Hello$/;"	c
Lanterns	completedExercises/Lanterns.java	/^public class Lanterns   \/\/ Application name$/;"	c
Mantra07	completedExercises/Mantra07.java	/^public class Mantra07 $/;"	c
Meta	completedExercises/Meta.java	/^public class Meta $/;"	c
MuchBetter	completedExercises/MuchBetter.java	/^public class MuchBetter$/;"	c
PrintRocket	completedExercises/Rocket1.java	/^	public static void PrintRocket()$/;"	m	class:Rocket1
Rocket1	completedExercises/Rocket1.java	/^public class Rocket1$/;"	c
Rocket1Rewrite	completedExercises/Rocket1Rewrite.java	/^public class Rocket1Rewrite$/;"	c
ScannerTemplate	ScannerTemplate.java	/^public class ScannerTemplate  \/\/ Application name$/;"	c
Spikey	completedExercises/Spikey.java	/^public class Spikey$/;"	c
StarFigures	completedExercises/StarFigures.java	/^public class StarFigures   \/\/ Application name$/;"	c
Stewie	completedExercises/Stewie.java	/^public class Stewie$/;"	c
Stewie2	completedExercises/Stewie2.java	/^public class Stewie2$/;"	c
TextManipulation	completedExercises/TextManipulation.java	/^public class TextManipulation$/;"	c
TwoRockets	completedExercises/TwoRockets.java	/^public class TwoRockets $/;"	c
WellFormed	completedExercises/WellFormed.java	/^public class WellFormed$/;"	c
drawBanner	completedExercises/Stewie.java	/^		public static void drawBanner()$/;"	m	class:Stewie
drawBody	completedExercises/Stewie2.java	/^		public static void drawBody()$/;"	m	class:Stewie2
drawBottom	completedExercises/Egg2.java	/^	public static void drawBottom()$/;"	m	class:Egg2
drawBottom	completedExercises/EggStop.java	/^	public static void drawBottom()$/;"	m	class:EggStop
drawBottom	completedExercises/Stewie.java	/^		public static void drawBottom()$/;"	m	class:Stewie
drawBottomHalf	completedExercises/Egg2.java	/^	public static void drawBottomHalf()$/;"	m	class:Egg2
drawBottomHalf	completedExercises/EggStop.java	/^	public static void drawBottomHalf()$/;"	m	class:EggStop
drawBox	completedExercises/Boxes1.java	/^ public static void drawBox()$/;"	m	class:Boxes1
drawBox	completedExercises/Rocket1Rewrite.java	/^	public static void drawBox()$/;"	m	class:Rocket1Rewrite
drawBox	completedExercises/TwoRockets.java	/^	public static void drawBox()$/;"	m	class:TwoRockets
drawCone	completedExercises/Rocket1Rewrite.java	/^	public static void drawCone()$/;"	m	class:Rocket1Rewrite
drawCone	completedExercises/TwoRockets.java	/^	public static void drawCone()$/;"	m	class:TwoRockets
drawCrack	completedExercises/Egg2.java	/^	public static void drawCrack()$/;"	m	class:Egg2
drawCrack	completedExercises/EggStop.java	/^	public static void drawCrack()$/;"	m	class:EggStop
drawCrackedEgg	completedExercises/Egg2.java	/^	public static void drawCrackedEgg()$/;"	m	class:Egg2
drawCrackedEgg	completedExercises/EggStop.java	/^	public static void drawCrackedEgg()$/;"	m	class:EggStop
drawDiamond	completedExercises/Rocket1Rewrite.java	/^	public static void drawDiamond()$/;"	m	class:Rocket1Rewrite
drawDiamond	completedExercises/TwoRockets.java	/^	public static void drawDiamond()$/;"	m	class:TwoRockets
drawEdge	completedExercises/DrawBoxes2.java	/^ public static void drawEdge()$/;"	m	class:DrawBoxes2
drawEgg	completedExercises/Egg2.java	/^	public static void drawEgg()$/;"	m	class:Egg2
drawEgg	completedExercises/EggStop.java	/^	public static void drawEgg()$/;"	m	class:EggStop
drawEggStop	completedExercises/EggStop.java	/^    public static void drawEggStop()$/;"	m	class:EggStop
drawMessage	completedExercises/Stewie.java	/^		public static void drawMessage()$/;"	m	class:Stewie
drawMessage	completedExercises/Stewie2.java	/^		public static void drawMessage()$/;"	m	class:Stewie2
drawRectangle	completedExercises/DrawBoxes2.java	/^ public static void drawRectangle()$/;"	m	class:DrawBoxes2
drawRectangleSides	completedExercises/DrawBoxes2.java	/^ public static void drawRectangleSides()$/;"	m	class:DrawBoxes2
drawRocket	completedExercises/Rocket1Rewrite.java	/^	public static void drawRocket()$/;"	m	class:Rocket1Rewrite
drawRocket	completedExercises/TwoRockets.java	/^	public static void drawRocket()$/;"	m	class:TwoRockets
drawSides	completedExercises/DrawBoxes2.java	/^ public static void drawSides()$/;"	m	class:DrawBoxes2
drawSquare	completedExercises/DrawBoxes2.java	/^ public static void drawSquare()$/;"	m	class:DrawBoxes2
drawSquareSides	completedExercises/DrawBoxes2.java	/^ public static void drawSquareSides()$/;"	m	class:DrawBoxes2
drawStop	completedExercises/EggStop.java	/^	public static void drawStop()$/;"	m	class:EggStop
drawTop	completedExercises/Egg2.java	/^	public static void drawTop()$/;"	m	class:Egg2
drawTop	completedExercises/EggStop.java	/^	public static void drawTop()$/;"	m	class:EggStop
drawTop	completedExercises/Stewie.java	/^		public static void drawTop()$/;"	m	class:Stewie
drawTop	completedExercises/Stewie2.java	/^		public static void drawTop()$/;"	m	class:Stewie2
drawTopHalf	completedExercises/EggStop.java	/^	public static void drawTopHalf()$/;"	m	class:EggStop
drawV	completedExercises/Rocket1Rewrite.java	/^	public static void drawV()$/;"	m	class:Rocket1Rewrite
drawV	completedExercises/TwoRockets.java	/^	public static void drawV()$/;"	m	class:TwoRockets
drawX	completedExercises/Rocket1Rewrite.java	/^	public static void drawX()$/;"	m	class:Rocket1Rewrite
drawX	completedExercises/TwoRockets.java	/^	public static void drawX()$/;"	m	class:TwoRockets
getName	ScannerTemplate.java	/^    public static void getName()$/;"	m	class:ScannerTemplate
hangX	completedExercises/StarFigures.java	/^    public static void hangX()$/;"	m	class:StarFigures
main	ScannerTemplate.java	/^    public static void main(String[] args) \/\/ Beginning of main$/;"	m	class:ScannerTemplate
main	completedExercises/Boxes1.java	/^ public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:Boxes1
main	completedExercises/Difference.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:Difference
main	completedExercises/DrawBoxes2.java	/^ public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:DrawBoxes2
main	completedExercises/Egg.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:Egg
main	completedExercises/Egg2.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:Egg2
main	completedExercises/EggStop.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:EggStop
main	completedExercises/FightSong.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)  \/\/ start of main class$/;"	m	class:FightSong
main	completedExercises/Hello.java	/^   public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:Hello
main	completedExercises/Lanterns.java	/^    public static void main(String[] args) \/\/ Beginning of main$/;"	m	class:Lanterns
main	completedExercises/Mantra07.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:Mantra07
main	completedExercises/Meta.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:Meta
main	completedExercises/MuchBetter.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:MuchBetter
main	completedExercises/Rocket1.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:Rocket1
main	completedExercises/Rocket1Rewrite.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:Rocket1Rewrite
main	completedExercises/Spikey.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:Spikey
main	completedExercises/StarFigures.java	/^    public static void main(String[] args) \/\/ Beginning of main$/;"	m	class:StarFigures
main	completedExercises/Stewie.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:Stewie
main	completedExercises/Stewie2.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:Stewie2
main	completedExercises/TextManipulation.java	/^  public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:TextManipulation
main	completedExercises/TwoRockets.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:TwoRockets
main	completedExercises/WellFormed.java	/^	public static void main(String[] args)$/;"	m	class:WellFormed
message	ScannerTemplate.java	/^    public static void message()$/;"	m	class:ScannerTemplate
printBar	completedExercises/StarFigures.java	/^    public static void printBar()$/;"	m	class:StarFigures
printChant	completedExercises/FightSong.java	/^    public static void printChant() $/;"	m	class:FightSong
printFightSong	completedExercises/FightSong.java	/^    public static void printFightSong() $/;"	m	class:FightSong
printHook	completedExercises/FightSong.java	/^    public static void printHook() $/;"	m	class:FightSong
printLid	completedExercises/Lanterns.java	/^    public static void printLid()$/;"	m	class:Lanterns
printLong	completedExercises/Lanterns.java	/^    public static void printLong()$/;"	m	class:Lanterns
printLoop	completedExercises/FightSong.java	/^    public static void printLoop()$/;"	m	class:FightSong
printMantra	completedExercises/Mantra07.java	/^	public static void printMantra()$/;"	m	class:Mantra07
printMed	completedExercises/Lanterns.java	/^    public static void printMed()$/;"	m	class:Lanterns
printOpenings	completedExercises/Lanterns.java	/^    public static void printOpenings()$/;"	m	class:Lanterns
printRoundLantern	completedExercises/Lanterns.java	/^    public static void printRoundLantern()$/;"	m	class:Lanterns
printShort	completedExercises/Lanterns.java	/^    public static void printShort()$/;"	m	class:Lanterns
printTableLantern	completedExercises/Lanterns.java	/^    public static void printTableLantern()$/;"	m	class:Lanterns
printX	completedExercises/StarFigures.java	/^    public static void printX()$/;"	m	class:StarFigures
xCore	completedExercises/StarFigures.java	/^    public static void xCore()$/;"	m	class:StarFigures
xCore3	completedExercises/StarFigures.java	/^    public static void xCore3()$/;"	m	class:StarFigures
xEdge	completedExercises/StarFigures.java	/^    public static void xEdge()$/;"	m	class:StarFigures
